[Docs] Add Checkmarx Integration Documentation (#2719)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/code-quality-security/checkmarx/checkmarx.md

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import Prerequisites from "../../templates/_ocean_helm_prerequisites_block.mdx"
import AdvancedConfig from '../../../../generalTemplates/_ocean_advanced_configuration_note.md'
import PortApiRegionTip from "/docs/generalTemplates/_port_region_parameter_explanation_template.md"
import OceanSaasInstallation from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/_ocean_saas_installation.mdx"
import OceanRealtimeInstallation from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/_ocean_realtime_installation.mdx"
import MetricsAndSyncStatus from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/_metrics_and_sync_status.mdx"
import FindCredentials from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/_template_docs/_find_credentials.mdx"
import DockerParameters from "./_checkmarx_docker_parameters.mdx"

> # Checkmarx One
> 
> Port's Checkmarx One integration allows you to model Checkmarx One resources in your software catalog and ingest data into them.
> 
> ## Overview
> 
> This integration allows you to:
> 
> - Map and organize your desired Checkmarx One resources and their metadata in Port (see supported resources below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Checkmarx One

This integration allows you to model Checkmarx One resources in your software catalog and ingest data into them.  
It lets you map and organize the desired Checkmarx One resources and their metadata in Port (see supported resources below).

```

what do you think about merging the two parts? I don't see a need for the overview title and separation... :)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="argocd" label="ArgoCD" default>

To install the integration using ArgoCD:

1. Create a `values.yaml` file in `argocd/my-ocean-checkmarx-one-integration` in your git repository with the content:

:::note
Remember to replace the placeholders for `checkmarxTenant` and checkmarxApiKey.

```yaml showLineNumbers
initializePortResources: true
scheduledResyncInterval: 120
integration:
  identifier: my-ocean-checkmarx-one-integration
  type: checkmarx-one
  eventListener:
    type: POLLING
  config:
    checkmarxBaseUrl: https://ast.checkmarx.net/api
    checkmarxIamUrl: https://iam.checkmarx.net
    checkmarxTenant: CHECKMARX_TENANT_NAME
  secrets:
    checkmarxApiKey: CHECKMARX_API_KEY
```

<br/>

2. Install the `my-ocean-checkmarx-one-integration` ArgoCD Application by creating the following `my-ocean-checkmarx-one-integration.yaml` manifest:
:::note
Remember to replace the placeholders for `YOUR_PORT_CLIENT_ID` `YOUR_PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` and `YOUR_GIT_REPO_URL`.

Multiple sources ArgoCD documentation can be found [here](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/multiple_sources/#helm-value-files-from-external-git-repository).
:::

> <details>
>   <summary>ArgoCD Application</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary><b>ArgoCD Application (click to expand)</b></summary>
```

Please add the bold and click to expand like so to all of the collapsibles.

        -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__CHECKMARX_IAM_URL=$(OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__CHECKMARX_IAM_URL) \
        -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__CHECKMARX_TENANT=$(OCEAN__INTEGRATION__CONFIG__CHECKMARX_TENANT) \
        -e OCEAN__INTEGRATION__SECRETS__CHECKMARX_API_KEY=$(OCEAN__INTEGRATION__SECRETS__CHECKMARX_API_KEY) \
        -e OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_ID=$(OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_ID) \
        -e OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_SECRET=$(OCEAN__PORT__CLIENT_SECRET) \
        -e OCEAN__PORT__BASE_URL='https://api.getport.io' \
        $image_name
    exit $?
  displayName: 'Ingest Data into Port'
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

<PortApiRegionTip/>

<AdvancedConfig/>

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Configuration

Port integrations use a [YAML mapping block](/build-your-software-catalog/customize-integrations/configure-mapping#configuration-structure) to ingest data from the third-party api into Port.

The mapping makes use of the [JQ JSON processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) to select, modify, concatenate, transform and perform other operations on existing fields and values from the integration API.

### Default mapping configuration

This is the default mapping configuration for this integration:

> <details>
> <summary><b>Default mapping configuration (Click to expand)</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary><b>Default mapping configuration (click to expand)</b></summary>
```

            created: .created
            description: .description
            packageName: .data.packageName
            packageVersion: .data.packageVersion
            imageName: .data.imageName
            imageTag: .data.imageTag
            imageFilePath: .data.imageFilePath
            cweId: .vulnerabilityDetails.cweId
          relations:
            scan: .__scan_id

  - kind: apisec
    selector:
      query: 'true'
    port:
      entity:
        mappings:
          identifier: .risk_id
          title: .name
          blueprint: '"checkmarxApiSec"'
          properties:
            riskId: .risk_id
            apiId: .api_id
            severity: (.severity // empty)
            name: .name
            status: .status
            httpMethod: .http_method
            url: .url
            origin: .origin
            documented: .documented
            authenticated: .authenticated
            discoveryDate: .discovery_date
            scanId: .scan_id
            sastRiskId: (.sast_risk_id // empty)
            projectId: .project_id
            state: .state
        relations:
          scan: .scan_id
```

</details>

<MetricsAndSyncStatus />

## Examples

> Examples of blueprints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are examples for different blueprints:
```

Let's remove all of the titles like Project, Scan, SAST, SCA, etc...
I think it's enough to have the "Project blueprint (click to expand)"... on each collapsible, that way the navigation bar on the right side won't be so packed

### Project

> <details>
> <summary>Project blueprint</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary><b>Project blueprint (click to expand)</b></summary>
```

Please make sure all of the collapsibles have bold and (click to expand).

        "description": "The date and time when the API risk was discovered."
      },
      "scanId": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "Scan ID",
        "description": "The identifier of the scan in which the risk was found."
      },
      "sastRiskId": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "SAST Risk ID",
        "description": "The identifier of the related SAST risk, if available."
      },
      "projectId": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "Project ID",
        "description": "The identifier of the project associated with the API risk."
      },
      "state": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "State",
        "enum": [
          "to_verify",
          "confirmed",
          "urgent",
          "not_exploitable",
          "proposed_not_exploitable",
          "false_positive"
        ],
        "description": "The state of the API security risk."
      }
    },
    "required": [
      "riskId",
      "apiId",
      "name",
      "status",
      "state"
    ]
  },
  "relations": {
    "scan": {
      "title": "Scan",
      "target": "checkmarxScan",
      "many": false,
      "required": false
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

> ### Resource Configuration

Reviewer: Same here, I think we don't need to have it in the nav bar, let's instead make them bold..

```suggestion
**Resource Configuration**
```
